README.md, before:

# Hyb
---
Hyb is a django 3.1.7 based web-application that allows for analyzing Environmentally Extended Hybrid Input-Output (EEIO) tables. EXIOBASE v3 is used in this project. 
Demo version: NOT AVAILABLE YET

The Hyb project develops on the experience acquired through the EU Commission funded projects RaMa-Scene, Circumat and CircEUit.  

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](resources/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Developers Guide
---
NOT AVAILABLE YET

# Getting started
---

### Retrieve the raw datasets

NOT AVAILABLE YET

### Clone the project 
``` 
git clone https://github.com/FDonati/hyb.git

``` 
### Install docker
https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/

## Run the project

Open the terminal in the directory where you cloned the project run
the following commands

## Create a secret key
Run only once in the beginning of your project

```
$ python -c 'from django.core.management.utils import get_random_secret_key; key_file = open("SECRET_KEY.txt", "wt"); key_file.write(get_random_secret_key());key_file.close()'
```

### Prepare the database
```
$ python3 manage.py makemigrations
$ python3 manage.py migrate
```
### start the container
```
$ docker-compose up
```

Commit message:

added UML class diagram functionality

README.md, after:

# Hyb
---
Hyb is a django 3.1.7 based web-application that allows for analyzing Environmentally Extended Hybrid Input-Output (EEIO) tables. EXIOBASE v3 is used in this project. 
Demo version: NOT AVAILABLE YET

The Hyb project develops on the experience acquired through the EU Commission funded projects RaMa-Scene, Circumat and CircEUit.  

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](resources/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Developers Guide
---
NOT AVAILABLE YET

# Getting started
---

### Retrieve the raw datasets

NOT AVAILABLE YET

### Clone the project 
``` 
git clone https://github.com/FDonati/hyb.git

``` 
### Install docker
https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/

## Run the project

Open the terminal in the directory where you cloned the project run
the following commands

## Create a secret key
Run only once in the beginning of your project

```
$ python -c 'from django.core.management.utils import get_random_secret_key; key_file = open("SECRET_KEY.txt", "wt"); key_file.write(get_random_secret_key());key_file.close()'
```

### Prepare the database
```
$ python3 manage.py makemigrations
$ python3 manage.py migrate
```
### start the container
```
$ docker-compose up 
```

If you run into issues you likely need to rebuild the image
In that case run

```
$ docker-compose up --build
```

### Generate project's UML class diagram

```
$ python manage.py graph_models -a -o hybapp_models.png
```
